Updates to cost insights (#8810)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## March 2026

> - **Enhancement:** [Cost Insights](/docs/explore/cost-insights) charts now include an **Asset type** filter (Models / Tests / All) on the Cost, Usage, Query run time, and Builds tabs. Use the dropdown on each chart to filter the data you view; your selection is stored per tab. The former "Model builds" tab is now labeled **Builds**. For more information, see [Explore cost data](/docs/explore/explore-cost-data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** [Cost Insights](/docs/explore/cost-insights) charts now include an **Assets** filter (**Models** / **Tests** / **All**) on the **Cost**, **Usage**, **Query run time**, and **Builds** tabs. Use the dropdown on each chart to filter the data you want to view; your selection is stored per tab. The former **Model builds** tab is now labeled **Builds**. For more information, see [Explore cost data](/docs/explore/explore-cost-data).
```
